[Intro]
Hi, I'm Cola Lovan. I'm a graphic designer here at Algonquin College,
and I'd like a little bit of your time to tell you about myself. Not right now, but now.
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or Hex?]
So my favorite colour is fuchsia and not because of how it looks visually, but because of a commercial in the 1990s where
a gentleman was wearing a sweater and he asked his wife, "Hey honey, what colour is this again?"
And she says, "fuchsia." Honey, what's this colour called again? Fuchsia. Fuchsia. Fuchsia...
So I was like, "Hey, that's a cool colour. That's a cool word." So, (it) just stuck in my head all the way from back then. So that's my favorite colour.
It's fuchsia, for sure.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
what do I love about motion graphics? Everything. I love how it uses key frames. I love how it uses layered timelines.
I love the effects panel. I just love how After Effects is built as an application even if it wasn't for motion.
I love the plugins that After Effects has, I just love applications.
[What designers, brands or websites do you admire?]
So who inspires me graphic design wise?
It's probably Paula Scher, and Ed Hardy for totally different reasons.
[What designers, brands or websites do you admire?]
Paula Scher more for the agency style [where] she's a senior member at pentagram
and Ed Hardy because he's a tattooist that took his style to another level by cross platforming it with fashion.
So, I think his innovative thinking and Paula Scher's... like, strong will, they're both traits that I really admire.
Graphic designer or not.
[Wood clicking noise]
So what I was playing was called kendama. Is called kendama. It's a Japanese skill toy,
traditional skill toy, with three cups, a spike, and a ball attached to a string.
The ball has a hole in it too. Teaches you about balance and patience.
Easy to learn, but of course, hard to master.
[Outro]